README.md, before:

# OSVR-Android-Samples
This is a set of samples demonstrating basic OSVR usage on Android.

### Build instructions
 1. Follow the instructions for building OSVR-Android-Build here: https://github.com/OSVR/OSVR-Android-Build You do not need to install the osvr_server binaries to the device, as these samples currently use the joint client kit functionality.
 2. Once you have a working build of OSVR for Android, set the OSVR_ANDROID environment variable to the install directory of OSVR-Android-Build (by default it's the "install" directory under the build output directory you specified when you configured CMake). Note: it should have lib, bin, and include directories.
 3. Create your local.properties file in /OSVR-Android-Samples/OSVROpenGL, setting your ndk.dir and sdk.dir property values to point to your local downloads of the android SDK and the crystax ndk folders, respectively.
 4. Open the OSVROpenGL project from Android Studio. Build the app and deploy it to the device.
 5. Use the adb push command from the android SDK to push your build of com_osvr_android_sensorTracker.so to /data/data/com.osvr.android.gles2sample/files/lib/osvr-plugins-0. You may need to create the files/lib/osvr-plugins-0 directories in adb shell first, before pushing them. Additionally, if your device isn't rooted, you may need to copy the plugin to a temporary directory on the device, like /data/local/tmp/osvr/lib/osvr-plugins-0 first, then in adb shell, run-as com.osvr.android.gles2sample, and copy the file from the temp directory to /data/data/com.osvr.android.gles2sample/files/lib/osvr-plugins-0
 6. You should be able to run the app now, without a separate server running.

Commit message:

Added OSVRPluginExtractor to automatically copy the plugin to the right place at runtime. Updated README.md to reflect this.

README.md, after:

# OSVR-Android-Samples
This is a set of samples demonstrating basic OSVR usage on Android.

### Build instructions
 1. Follow the instructions for building OSVR-Android-Build here: https://github.com/OSVR/OSVR-Android-Build You do not need to install the osvr_server binaries to the device, as these samples currently use the joint client kit functionality.
 2. Once you have a working build of OSVR for Android, set the OSVR_ANDROID environment variable to the install directory of OSVR-Android-Build (by default it's the "install" directory under the build output directory you specified when you configured CMake). Note: it should have lib, bin, and include directories.
 3. Create your local.properties file in /OSVR-Android-Samples/OSVROpenGL, setting your ndk.dir and sdk.dir property values to point to your local downloads of the android SDK and the crystax ndk folders, respectively.
 4. Open the OSVROpenGL project from Android Studio. You should be able to build and run the project from there.

 ### PluginExtractor
Please note the addition of com.osvr.android.utils.OSVRPluginExtractor. This code is based off of code originally authored by Koushik Dutta for the androidmono project under the MIT license. Though modified for OSVR plugin extraction, it remains under the MIT license (see file header for the full license). This will be moved to a separate library.
